Will you marry me?
Stay by my side forever and ever?
I do
So touching
Sweetie, look at this
This is the place
Where Mommy and Daddy
Grew up
And in the future
You’ll grow up here too
So, when Mommy and Daddy were little
Did they get spanked here?
Of course not
Mommy was very well-behaved as a kid
Usually
Only your Daddy got spanked
Mommy, are you sure?
Absolutely
Daddy
Even though Mommy’s all grown up
Please don’t
Spank Mommy too often
Every night, I hear Mommy
Crying in the room
Such nice weather today
Perfect for going out
Perfect for enjoying life
Daddy, carry me
Perfect for holding your hand and walking together
Hello, dear friends
I’m Đại Kính, the director of *Queen of Billions*
*Queen of Billions* has come to a perfect conclusion
Thank you all so much for watching
Now, I’d like to introduce another
Extremely captivating short drama
*The CEO’s Wife Is Not Easy to Mess With*
I hope you’ll enjoy it, thank you!